release: v1.50.0 (#5556)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_bnjjj_add_operation_name_router_selector.md

> ### Add selector for router service in custom telemetry ([PR #5392](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5392))
> 
> Instead of having to access to the operation_name using the response_context at the router service, we now provide a selector for operation name at the router service in instrumentations.
> 
> example:

Reviewer: Suggestion for consistency/readability. cc @bnjjj 

```suggestion
### Add `operation_name` selector for router service in custom telemetry ([PR #5392](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5392))

Adds an `operation_name` selector for the [router service](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/telemetry/instrumentation/selectors#router).
Previously, accessing `operation_name` was only possible through the `response_context` router service selector.

For example:
```
